Yeah, perfect. Good.

So,

If possible, you can also just say stuff out loud.

Capture something.

So now I have to just measure some, the validity of the model, I guess.

I don't know exactly how to maybe measure that and directly to the CF followed by the

CF which is something that I don't know what it is.

It could be counterfactual.

So let's just try this and the validity and the plausibility.

How realistic does the CF look to you?

So unrealistic disorder, one very realistic and natural.

Maybe, yeah, if you are going to like put some percentage, let's say, it's quite difficult

to say exactly how precise it is, but more or less like this.

How should I pick the best method?

So here I can see all the methods.

Consider two things.

Does it still look like a realistic digital image?

How confident are you in this course?

Which one do you think is the most successful?

So, I would

And there is one model that is not showing anything.

Right?

And also, I'll be okay.

and this one goes like every 5%

right like 80, 85, 90

so it could be at least easier

tell us why you made this choice

(typing)

Okay, so.

So what do this metric means?

Validity, correctness, correctness, plausibility.

So metrics, I believe I cannot ask you right?

Nothing.

Okay.

So, metrics, counterfactual, validity, actual value, value the model was successful, followed

by the counterfactual, estimate, match, intuition, point in the right direction.

Perhuman estimate or?

Okay, good.

It's below one dataset medium, close to the red string data.

[ Inaudible ]

Were you surprised by the actual metrics?

[ Inaudible ]

36.

[ Inaudible ]

th

The thing is that I don't understand to all these two metrics, right?

Yep.

Implausibility score and IM2 L2 distance.

Yeah, you can.

What you think, I think just fill in here.

Okay.

And then, if you feel like you can continue.

[ Background noise ]

You pick match the OGT pass method.

So what does this mean?

That it was the answer correct or not?

I can't tell you.

Okay.

So.

Because this was what I thought, what I check.

And here.

is saying that it matches the objectively best method. But here it says method 5 is

invalid. So that maybe confused me.

Which confusion part is?

That it says invalid in here.

Which one? Yeah, that...

Okay, well...

You know, maybe for me.

But specifically that method says...

Yeah.

In comparison to your pick

Yeah, I don't know it's see see mean maybe okay

I don't know what this is for.

(background noise

[

th

th

th

th

th

(keyboard

I think that's the inspiration.

and you have seen the full rank and sum matrix does your initial judgment hold up or are you surprised by any other result?

Now

So before you give your final rating here's a full recap of your joining through this case

This looks also quite similar than the previous section in terms of results or...

All right, maybe this one is a bit more specific, but still...

Okay, actual matrix.

So how can I compare like because here my metrics were validity 0.81 and here is only

one.

How can I compare this like is it good or not good?

And then Plowsibility estimate 0.6, which is different, I guess, compared with the implowsibility.

So it's in the other direction, right?

Yep.

But I don't understand also if it's correct or not.

Overall, best method.

The metrics you pick match the objectively best method.

So will you change?

No.

Now give your final confidence rating and thoughts confident are you near step one judgment?

Step one answer

th

(

Yeah, perfect. Okay, thank you.

My pleasure.

Okay, yeah, now I can intervene because during these steps I couldn't talk, of course, because

I'm just curious how you interpreted everything.

Okay.

But let's cover some questions.

So the first step you selected the, was it like clear what you needed to do?

It was clear, yes.

But of course, because I'm lacking of maybe some information or you know, definitions

and content and stuff.

So I missed some extra let's say content maybe.

Because what would you want it to...

Well the image and yeah the step by step was maybe clear.

But I didn't understand actually the methods.

So I didn't know what, what one method, what may be better or what was the difference between

each method.

So that I can say, okay, maybe this one is going to be better than the other one.

So really trying to really figure out what is the difference between all of these.

Yes.

So that's maybe something that I missed.

Yeah.

No, yeah.

I think you have these different methods, but the goal, at least for this front end,

is not that you per se are able to know exactly how these different methods work.

Because that's like a whole technical concept of how these work.

Right.

But it's more really to show how good these different methods are compared to each other.

Okay, but at the end, in the dashboard, they're asking you about these methods, right?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So, then it's, yeah, okay.

So you need some, maybe, information to choose if you don't know them.

How can you say that this one is better than the other one?

Otherwise, it's confusing.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Okay.

And about the metrics, did you understand a bit what they meant?

Yeah, the metrics, yes, I think that helps me a little bit more to perceive how each

methods can maybe target better the outcome because it's quantified

you know with numbers so it's maybe easier. And like after you did this is

there what's the main thing you get out of it? What is the main thing that

Now that you've gone through all the steps, what is the main thing you would remember?

So, it's that the model or the method could have better prediction if the picture is more realistic

and the number is as close as possible to the target that you want to get.

This is what I understand. I can't be wrong, right?

But this is what I understand from...

So I've cleared a picture of the model.

Exactly.

But you will get out of this.

Exactly.

Okay.

Exactly.

Did you see anything surprising or...?

That some pictures were not too realistic.

So you can tell that maybe they were drawing on the computer or something.

So yeah, you can say, okay, these ones are not realistic and the other ones are more.

And also when you are drawing number four and six, they're kind of like also similar.

So for me, that's also maybe a way to say that the model can achieve that.

Yeah, actually, yeah.

You know, to predict that it's gonna be like that.

But if you compare, or like one and seven as well, they are very similar.

But I don't know.

Okay, yeah.

And like, was it clear to you the difference between your judgment on a counterfactual image

and what the model actually, if the model actually predicts it or not?

Was that something you got out of it?

Not to be honest. No.

No.

I didn't get that part.

What do you think you would need for that?

Maybe...

I would say that

a little process,

step by step, maybe you know two three or some steps and how this model

goes from the beginning to the end and how the model just

creates this workflow. Instead of like the first step just showing the two.

Yes exactly. And it's more vague. Yeah exactly. Okay so because you actually

don't know how how is what's the the path or the journey that the model is

is following yeah so it goes from one point to the order okay yeah but what is

in between yeah exactly yeah so for me it would be good to maybe see you know

two three steps in between yeah to say okay maybe he adds something here he

include something there and then that's why he got to that point.

Okay, good.

And then just the final one, more about...

Because now it's the concept of current factures a bit clearer to you.

And just want to have feedback on what you think of this, of the design and the steps you needed to follow.

And like more on how it was structured visually for you.

if it was what was good what was not so good etc.

I think that the whole structure was like very clear straightforward

perhaps I would maybe know and yeah and the notes on top were also clear some

questions I didn't find it easier like where yeah like what they're asking me

here in order to select and I yeah maybe the first the first part of it I was a

bit lost in order to yeah like what is actually going to be the end or where do

you want to go, right? So I didn't know exactly what you were studying, what was

the question about or what do you want to understand from the process.

So maybe it creates bias if you tell the user and I understand that, which is

like also good but yeah I think yeah I think it could be a little bit more

let's say expressive yes yeah yeah yeah because our main objective is to like

teach someone a bit about the counterfactual topic but also especially

highlight the plausibility, validity, tension. So the fact that you see it

a counterfactual image, to you it looks like the target. For example the

target is 2, you see can clearly see a 2 in it, but then the model behind it

didn't predict 2. If you are like why did the model didn't succeed?

Because I can clearly see it 2 myself. But also the other way around

that the target isn't 2 and you don't see a 2 at all, but the model

it in predicting it too. Like these two things that is what we also tried to

really teach you but did it come over or not?

It caused, yeah it caught my attention that the target was different

than the actual number and how the model can just get to that point.

And why do you think? Because also after the test I asked you what is your like

finding or what stands out. This didn't come up front. Why do you think that is?

If you talk also about the design. I would say maybe to prove the opposite of

the of the contra-fogtro metro I guess so just to say that the model can not

effectively predict the the top the yeah the real picture I would say so yeah

that it can have like a lot of mistakes during the prediction.

Yeah, because do you think like in the what you went through step by step thing,

should something be changed in there such that it would help you visualizing this

plausibility, validity, tension, like this confusion between what you see and what the model predicts?

Or did it actually was quite clear in the design?

No, of course not. It was not quite clear.

No. And why?

Because there's not explanation about the model or the method.

And yeah, you actually don't know how the method process the information.

And also, yeah, well, the data set, I think it doesn't matter, maybe too much.

And so, or how much data does it need?

Yeah, so, yeah.

To be more, to increase the probability of predict that.

So, yeah, it was, of course, not too clear for me.

Yeah, you were mainly focusing on all these methods and how they work and what the metrics

with these methods, how that like what story that tells to you.

Yeah.

And then why is this method better than the other and what exactly is this method doing?

That was...

Exactly.

Okay, so that was me.

Okay.

Exactly.

Okay, perfect. Thank you.

Yeah, we're there.

Thank you.

And what happened with the game?

The game.

the mini game oh that's not part of ah that's just something we want to do at

the design market oh yeah I see I see I thought it was going to also to be part

of it no let me did it now oh I think

I have no idea how we have this.

